PRESCRIBE APP DOCUMENTATION
----------------------------

Prescribe is a Windows 8.0 phone Aadhar based online prescription app,which completely eliminates
the need for papaer based prescriptions.Unlike accessing database directly from app,Prescribe uses
server side PHP scripting on Microsoft Azure,which secures the process.
The app boasts o two interfaces,one for each doctor and patient.Each one has its own registration portal
which can be accessed only by Aadhar Card,making system genuine and user friendly.
For additional security purposes,it has a passcode security system.

IN APP DESCRIPTION
------------------

The Doctor Interface
---------------------

It is presented with 5 options upon login
1)Overall Doc's record:to view prescriptions of the said Doctor.
2)Patient REcord:to view the patient's prescription history.
3)Prescribe:A portal which allows the doctor to prescribe a prescription. 
4)Change Password:Allows the user to change the password
5)Logout:Allows the user to logout

->Search and sort facility:
------------------------
It allows the doctor to search a given prescription based on i)patient name,ii)diagnosis,
iii)symptoms.
Sort is implemented by i)date ii)prescription rating.
The app introduces a star rating system,in which patients rate a doctor's prescription,which in turn
enables the doctor to access prescription feedback from the patients.

->Overall Doctor's record:
--------------------------
->It gives way to an interface which conatins all of the doctor's previous prescriptions,which are sorted 
by date by default.Sort and search facility is implemented here.
->Once we click a prescription,we see an interface which is based upon a standard doctor prescription,containing
symptoms,diagnosis,medication,tests,comments and the name of the patient along with the date.
->There is also an option to extend the prescription of the given patient,according to the doctor's will.

->Prescribe:
------------
This contains a QR scanner which scans the Aadhar card of the patient,therby enabling the doctor to prescribe
the patient.It gives way to an interactive interface which allows the doctor to fill in the prescription,and then send it 
to the patient,via an online cloud based storage system(Azure) using PHP scripts.



The Patient Interface
------------------------

The patient needs to scan his aadhar card to enter the app.He/She can view thier previous history,prevoius doctors,
through a search and sort based system.The patient can also give feedback to a given prescription.

There is also an option to call the doctor by clicking on a doctor's name in the MyDoctor's Page.


FUTURE SCOPE:
--------------
The app has immense scope for future development,as is noted in the following:
1)It can be used to authenticate doctor's using an Aadhar API,and hence making the access
of illegal drugs even more difficult.
2)The data from this app can be used with Machine Learning to suggest medicines a/c to patient queries 
based on those suggested by doctor's on similar symptoms.
3)the data from this app can used to research and measure popularity and effectiveness of 
a particular drug amongst the target population.
4)It can also be used to track the spread and extent of severity of a flu/disease based on the patient search 
queries and doctor prescriptions.